e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\Assets\music_color.png
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\MidiReader.exe
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\MidiReader.pdb
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\Melanchall.DryWetMidi.dll
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\Melanchall.DryWetMidi.xml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.baml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.baml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\Pages\Details.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\MidiReader_Content.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\MidiReader_MarkupCompile.cache
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\MidiReader_MarkupCompile.lref
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\App.baml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\Pages\Details.baml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\MidiReader.g.resources
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\MidiReader.exe
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\MidiReader.pdb
e:\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MidiReader\MidiReader\obj\Debug\MidiReader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
